README.md, before:

# History of COVID-19 cases in the Netherlands

There are several resources that talk about ["flatten the curve"][washingtonpost-corona-simulator].

Although there are all sorts of charts out there, I could not easily find a
chart of the historical data provided by the RIVM combined with information
regarding Intensive Care cases across the Netherlands.

As I needed a clearly outlined task to get used to working from home, I decided
to create such a chart myself.

See it online at https://blog.pother.ca/covid19-netherlands-chart/

## Overall information

At the time of this writing (2020-03-27):

- **25.90%** of known cases have been **hospital personnel**
- **29.06%** of known cases have been **hospitalised**
- **6.35%** of known cases have been **fatal**
- The age of the deceased lies between 55 and 97 years, the median is 82.

The information on the RIVM site at https://www.rivm.nl/nieuws/actuele-informatie-over-coronavirus
is updated daily at 14.00.

If you prefer tabular data (or are wondering where the percentages come from),
visit this Spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1a_3IaIsmJt4WDgdZtrfl2YPzU9LvQWLkCAYFdPe1YkU/

## Intensive Care (IC) information

The IC information is retrieved (indirectly) from the Dutch Foundation for
National Intensive Care Evaluation (Stichting NICE) at https://stichting-nice.nl/covid-19-op-de-ic.jsp

For details see [./NICE](./NICE)

## Other details

Questions and feedback are welcome at [@potherca](https://twitter.com/potherca/) on Twitter (DMs are open).

To report bugs, feature requests or other issues, visit [the issues page](https://github.com/potherca-blog/covid19-netherlands-chart/issues).

## Colofon

Chart created with: https://www.chartjs.org/

- **Author**: Created by [Potherca](https://potherca).
- **Homepage**: [web-page](https://blog.pother.ca/covid19-netherlands-chart/) / [git-repo]()
- **License**: Licensed under the GPL-3.0 license (GNU General Public License v3.0)

[washingtonpost-corona-simulator]: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2020/world/corona-simulator/
[wikipedia-icu]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_care_unit

Commit message:

Change README file, remove percentages.

README.md, after:

# History of COVID-19 cases in the Netherlands

There are several resources that talk about ["flatten the curve"][washingtonpost-corona-simulator].

Although there are all sorts of charts out there, I could not easily find a
chart of the historical data provided by the RIVM combined with information
regarding Intensive Care cases across the Netherlands.

As I needed a clearly outlined task to get used to working from home, I decided
to create such a chart myself.

See it online at https://blog.pother.ca/covid19-netherlands-chart/

## Overall information

The general information is retrieved (indirectly) from the Netherlands National 
Institute for Public Health and the Environment (RIVM) at https://www.rivm.nl/nieuws/actuele-informatie-over-coronavirus

The information on the RIVM site at is updated daily at 14.00.

For details see [./RIVM](./RIVM)

<!-- https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1a_3IaIsmJt4WDgdZtrfl2YPzU9LvQWLkCAYFdPe1YkU/ -->

## Intensive Care (IC) information

The IC information is retrieved (indirectly) from the Dutch Foundation for
National Intensive Care Evaluation (Stichting NICE) at https://stichting-nice.nl/covid-19-op-de-ic.jsp

For details see [./NICE](./NICE)

## Other details

Questions and feedback are welcome at [@potherca](https://twitter.com/potherca/) on Twitter (DMs are open).

To report bugs, feature requests or other issues, visit [the issues page](https://github.com/potherca-blog/covid19-netherlands-chart/issues).

## Colofon

Chart created with: https://www.chartjs.org/

- **Author**: Created by [Potherca](https://potherca).
- **Homepage**: [web-page](https://blog.pother.ca/covid19-netherlands-chart/) / [git-repo]()
- **License**: Licensed under the GPL-3.0 license (GNU General Public License v3.0)

[washingtonpost-corona-simulator]: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2020/world/corona-simulator/
[wikipedia-icu]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intensive_care_unit
